Jakob Fletcher
Adam Carter
CS 232
2/12/2020

            One primary struggle I had with this assignment had less to do with the actual assignment, and more to do with deployment.
    I had the idea to host the flask blog on heroku, and I tried deploying it there, but the result was unsuccessful. 
    There were a lot of required documents that I didn’t have. 
    So after I created the needed documents, It said the deploy was successful, however it also says that there is an application error, and that the page could not be served. 
    This was an issue I was unable to resolve. Another goal of the assignment that I had a hard time figuring out was the “edit” route. 
    This was something I had to spend a lot of time thinking about, but the solution was somewhat simple. 
    I just declared a variable that interpreted html pages, and passed it through an HTML form using Jinja. 
    The best possible way for a new student to succeed in this assignment is to START EARLY, SAVE OFTEN, AND EXPERIMENT. 
    Even if they aren’t necessarily interested in web development, there is still a lot of overlap regarding other aspects of Computer Science. 
    For example, if the student is more into game development, they could make an online hosting service for their unity games. 
            To me, the most fun I had with this assignment was actually seeing it work. The moments where I saw my project doing what I inteded were the best ones, because it encouraged me to work on the assignment and
    experiment more.
    In terms of understanding the project guidelines, It was pretty straightforward. 
    The only thing that confused me at first was what was required for <web_root>/all. This is only because I didn’t know which directory I should be fetching. 
    I figured that the templates page should be fetched in the all route, as it’s the directory with all of the html files. For future development of this project, I wish to implement a log-out button. 
    It would go well with the edit route, as it requires authentication, and I don’t know of a way to end the session at the moment. 
    If I were to make a recommendation for the assignment itself, I would cut down on the functionality that the flask app is required to perform. 
    Only because the skill level among students varies widely, and the amount of things that you have to do for this first assignment is sort of overwhelming. 
    But other than that, I had a lot of fun with it. It’s actually been a while since I have been this engaged in an assignment for school.
